Hi.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to be able to upload the product images.
Okay.
Now to do this, we are going to do this right after this statement where we are basically saying if
image this dot is not empty, if image Liz dot is not empty, then we want to upload the product images.
But before then, definitely we might have errors.
So what we have to do is to use a try and a catch block to catch those errors.
Okay.
And you can see over here we are going to be able to pick multiple images, right?
So what we have to do first is to look over each peak image and then upload them to do that.
Within the try, we have to create a follow and for follow.
And we can then say for the image and the image list because all of our uploaded sorry, all of our
picked image is going to be stored in this variable called images.
So we are basically saying for each image in the image list over here, we also need to say it can be
no.
Then we want to upload it to the Firebase Storage.
Right.
Okay.
To do that, we have to import that Firebase Storage and I think we already installed that.
So while we can say finer and it is a type of firebase.
Firebase.
Five is courage and we can call this variable on this score.
Firebase Storage is going to be equal to Firebase.
Firebase Storage instance.
Okay.
And.
And where are you?
And okay, over here.
If it is not empty, we basically want to look over images and now we want to call the Firebase Storage
and Dot RAF.
And the first step is to is to create a folder where all the pics image so we have all the uploaded
images are going to be stored.
Right.
So we can basically just say RAF then dot child and this first child is basically referring to the name
of the folder and the second child is basically referring to the name of the file.
But what we can just do to make our code more cleaner or more easier to read, we can just get rid of
this.
And within the RAF we can then say Product that's this.
We want all our uploaded images to be stored in a directory called products.
Like you can see this is a bit different from the way we did for uploading the customers profiles,
right?
We basically just said RAF and tried again and I think this is very long and instead of following this
long quotes, you can just say dot RAF and we have to specify the name of the directory where all our
images are going to be stored and we can call this product.
And what we basically just have to do is to have a backslash slash.
You can see we are basically avoiding that second child again and added backslash.
And this backslash is basically referring to the name of the file.
And what we can do is we can generate a unique file, a unique file name for every images that are going
to be uploaded.
To do that, we are going to import a package.
Okay.
Over here, we are going to import the parts package.
This will help us generate a unique path for each uploaded image, which is going to serve as the name
of the file.
Okay.
Path.
Hopefully I get that in part.
And pot's okay.
This is.
Okay.
And this is it over here.
And what we can do is we can rename this.
We can see as part.
Okay.
And now that sausage is a available we have to have this and a dollar sign and now we have to say pats
dot base name and get rid of this.
Okay.
And now we can store the results in a variable called ref.
And this is a type of reference.
Three fairies are your equal to that and it's going to take some time to upload.
And definitely we have to wait and that's easier.
Wait.
We have to use the async or via.
And now we can then say, how is this review?
Rev.
What does poots?
Dodds puts this is going to be put five.
And.
There's going to be this image, right?
Because we are we're basically saying for each image, you can see this as a variable that has access
to each image which is going to be stored over this list.
Okay.
Hopefully you understand this.
And we have to get the part of the image.
Right.
Okay.
That is basically the path to the image.
And we have this error that's put.
Five.
Okay.
Sorry.
So for Dad, we have to say five first.
I think you've seen this before.
Five.
Okay.
And image.
Diane Dodds.
What parts?
Okay, you.
Great.
Add your semicolon or we can just go for the we can say dot when complete.
When complete.
What we want to do again is use this link because.
Sorry.
Okay.
And how do your semi-colon.
And Greg this and we are going to have it.
So we have to use the Synclavier.
Okay.
And we have to say our wait and then ref.
Rev xref ref ref dot gets downloads url to get the uploaded images.
Okay.
And now what we also want to do is to store that uploaded images in a variable.
To do that, we have to create a list.
Okay.
And I'm going to create this right where we have that.
All screw up.
Okay.
I'm just going to create this right after this.
So we expect in the list of images.
So this is going to be list.
And basically images are strings, right?
And we can call this image u our hell list and we can make it easy for now image you URL list and basically
we are not making it no label by having this.
You can see we are not making it more knowledgeable.
Okay.
And back to where we have that in Nevada, we can then say dots when.
That's okay.
We can just use the dots.
Dots, then.
But then.
Sorry.
Not other then.
But then.
And the value.
Okay.
And now we have to say image this image you are least than God's had and value the values, basically
referring to the uploaded images.
And this is basically all we need.
And for the tribe, we can.
Maybe return a snack bar.
Or we can just for now print he to tell the error.
And I think this is basically it.
Okay.
What we are basically doing is we have definitely we might have some errors.
And what we have to do is to use the try and catch block to catch any errors.
And within the try you can see we are able to pick multiple images.
So what we have to do is to look over each image.
Each image is is a loop over each images we have in the image list.
Right.
And what we are basically doing is to.
Create a folder where the images is going to be stored.
And we created a default code of products and we had the backslash to tell the name of the file.
That is the image name.
Right.
Okay.
And over here we are using the await to put the file that is the basically depict image, right.
Because over here we are basically looking over each peak images we have in this image.
Right.
And now we are putting the file over here and we are basically saying once this complete, what we want
to do is to get the diluted URL and after after getting the download URL, we want to store all the
images.
Sorry, we want to store all the images in a variable called image hell list.
And you can see we are basically saying go hard and value so hard all the images.
Okay, hopefully you understand this and you can see this.
Sorry, you can see this is a bit similar to what we have.
Okay.
You can see this is a bit similar to what we have over over a year.
Over a year.
Okay.
Yeah, sorry.
Yeah, but over here, we said the child.
The child, remember, the first child is basically referring to the name of the father and the second
child is basically referring to the image file.
But instead of doing that, we basically just passed it over and added backslash.
Okay.
I think anyone you think is more cleaner, you just have to go with it and anyone you take is more convenient
for you.
You just have to stick with that.
Okay.
And I'll just try this out.
I already have picked some images and.
This is, man.
Okay.
This does not really matter.
For now, we are basically just uploading the images.
And for the price, I can say maybe.
Okay.
I think.
You have to wait for five is okay or 50 for the quantity seven.
And I'm just going to type something gibberish over and something gibberish.
Over there.
And click on upload.
Okay.
Please select a subcategory.
You can see and shed click on upload.
Okay.
No errors.
Let's go check out seminar.
Hopefully something is going on there.
And Kay.
Okay.
Something's going on there.
Hopefully I have a network connection.
Okay, I'm just going to open this in a new tab.
Okay, wait for this and hopefully we have that new folder called Products.
Waits for this.
Okay.
Since we have this products and you can see.
There is an issue.
There is a problem we have.
We're going to solve this now.
Okay.
And this is coming from Aiken saying we have just one uploaded image.
That should be coming from the pot.
Okay, upload.
Upload.
Get rid of this.
And over here, we said.
Okay.
Sorry.
Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.
Just trying to make this slide, and I'm just going to do this again to the spot.
So does a baby's name.
Right.
This name.
I think you just have to.
And we're going to pass the image part.
That part.
Okay, great.
And we said the name of the folder is going to be called.
It's going to be called sorry.
The name of the folder is going to be called Products and the name of the file.
We basically want to generate a unique URL and also we want to use the name of the image that is the
part of the image.
And also we basically want to concatenate the a unique part and the name of the the parts to the image.
Hopefully you understand this.
This is a bit confusing.
Okay.
Hopefully you understand what I'm trying to say.
And what we can just do is to.
Maybe just upload again.
Okay.
Storage.
And see if I can maybe delete.
Okay.
I'm just going to try to see if I can delete this.
I don't know where to delete.
Okay.
In this case, we have to mark and delete.
And now let's try this out again.
We're just going to go back to phys.
Okay.
And we do not have that anymore.
And click on.
Okay, we basically just reset everything again.
Okay.
We just have to do that.
Take this.
Okay.
So let.
And we have to select.
Okay.
Or can just go with that category.
And five.
Two.
This does not matter at this point.
And.
Okay.
Upload.
Go check.
Tell me not to see what is going on there.
Okay.
And we can just head to this and go back.
You can see we have this paradox.
Okay.
Sounds good.
And now we have the parts.
And also we have the image you can see over here.
We have this jpg.
This name is coming from the part.
It's coming.
It's coming from the part of the image that is the source on how we uploaded it.
And this overlay is coming from the parts.
So this is coming from the image parts and this is coming from that parts package we installed.
So by doing this, all our images are going to be unique.
Else if it is not unique, it will basically just replace them.
Just like you already have a video before.
And you are you are putting all that video in that same directory with the same name.
What it will basically do is what it will overwrite it.
So that's why we have to create this unique path name for each image.
You can see all the files, have a unique name.